Name:         Jerry
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@15db9742
Event Name:   Jerry's Trivia Challenge
Description:  
Jerry is what you might call a "super nerd". 
He likes to spend his time challenging the knowledge of the other kids. 
He enjoys the feeling of superiority it gives him when he knows something that others don't. 
He will wager marbles that you can't answer his simple trivia questions correctly.


Name:         Sally
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@6d06d69c
Event Name:   Sally's Guess-A-Number Challenge
Description:  
Sally is kind of different from other kids. Maybe it's from always 
hanging upside down from the monkeybars at school. 


Name:         Sheldon
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@7852e922
Event Name:   Sheldon's Shell Game
Description:  
...


Name:         Rocky
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@4e25154f
Event Name:   Rocky's Rock-Paper-Scissors
Description:  
Rocky is a 4th grader who is obssessed 
with the game 'Rock Paper Scissors'. 
He spends his lunch hours challenging other kids to play against him for marbles.


Name:         Johnny
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@70dea4e
Event Name:   Help Johnny with Homework
Description:  
... Steps


Name:         Lucy
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@5c647e05
Event Name:   Lucy's Bully-Watch
Description:  
... hopscotch


Name:         Brody
Location:     null
Event Name:   
Description:  
Brody is a bully. 
He was held back from last year and now he's in your class. 
You are the main target of his bullying.


Name:         Brock
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@33909752
Event Name:   Buy Protection from Brock
Description:  
Brock is a big dumb brute in the 6th grade. 
He is undoubtedly the oldest kid in school... by far. 
Brock has noticed your problem with Brody, and he has offered to take care of Brody for you. 
In return, he requires a payment of X marbles.


Name:         Naoto
Location:     citdavidjordan.model.Location@55f96302
Event Name:   Trade Marbles with Naoto
Description:  
Naoto is a Japanese kid...


